Harmonize wording (#626)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes: docs/adr/0004-plan-for-usage-without-wrapper-scripts.md

### Positive Consequences

> * The operations team can encode standard operating procedures and scale ways of working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Platform Administrators can encode standard operating procedures and scale ways of working.
```

> * Application Developers can easily reuse artefacts for new use-cases, without significant development effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Our professional services team can easily reuse artefacts for new use-cases, without significant development effort.
```
